it's time for Gordon to get through to
this stubborn chef with prepackaged and
frozen food turning customers off Gordon
gets the staff headed in a new direction
to take advantage of the pizza ovens
which up until now have been used just
for show and not for cooking sebastian's
yes needs to become known for one thing
and one thing only fresh pizzas what are
those two things they're eat of ins this
place can become so popular for homemade
fresh wood burning pizza I'm not making
the money and it's quite expensive to
really start using fresh dough again
guys come here have you or you or you
ever tossed a pizza dough no no not here
all of you yeah are now gonna become
great tosses I've got two phenomenal
expert tosses here now gentlemen come in
please come on say hello Gordon brought
in a couple guys to show us how to be
Pizza tossers and everything it is just
like going to Benihana and why didn't
you check your food and cook it right at
the table I think this looks wonderful
in front of customers if I was sat here
my family watching you do they see you
do now
yeah I want you to become the perfect
tosser loo here we go yes cue let's go
guys that all it was yeah I'm up for a
challenge and want to try something new
kallu the only thing I hate about that
whole thing is I had to get rid of my
nails but other dinner I love the fresh
pizza dough okay guys let's go
at this point in the game one of two
things has to happen I have to accept
what he says and go with him
where ask him to me